(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
(Melissa)
We've now entered
the second round
and only eight
duelists remain!
Who among 'em
will advance?
Today's first
match up will be...
Zuzu Boyle versus
Sergey Volkov!
(Jean Michael Roget)Listen
carefully, Sergey...
Zuzu is an essentialpiece
to my ultimate plan‐‐
you are to defeat herby
any means necessary
and bring her to me...
in one piece.
Let's duel!
Duel!
(Zuzu)
You're hurt!
(Jean Michael Roget)
His vitals
are spiking.
Focus.
I think that we
oughta pause this duel.
We have an injured
duelist here!
Mercy...
worry...
concern...
all signs
of weakness.
And like all who
are weak...
They must
be destroyed!
(alarm blaring)
This is what I
was afraid of...
I just hope he doesn't
go too far.
I need her unscathed.
Zuzu!
(Melissa)
In a shocking
turn of events,
Sergey Volkov has
taken the "W."
Zuzu's a fighter folks, but
until we learn otherwise,
she may be down for
the count.
No!
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Sergey Volkov has just
re‐entered the stadium!
Our winner took an incredible
amount of punishment
and certainly dished
some out‐‐ maybe too much!
(laughing)
She's done!
She's history!
That look of terror on
the little mouse's face
was beautiful!
(laughing)
Beautiful!
That Sergey's something else!
He doesn't just
beat his opponents.
He destroys them.
He's frightening.
♪
Declan this is most
disappointing.
You assured us
that your Lancer's
were the best of
the best.
(Gray)
But it appears once again,
your best has been bested.
(Azul)
What do you have to
say for yourself?
(Boldo)
Your silence on this
matter speaks volumes.
How can your Lancers win a war
when they can't even win a duel?
(laughing)
Security is heading
towards Sergey!
(laughing)
(Melissa)They've gone
an' hogtied 'em!
And now they're escortingout
of the stadium.
If an easy duel like
that causes him to break down,
Sergey needs some
fine tuning.
But what
about Zuzu?
Zuzu...
Zuzu!
Zuzu.
No!
I can't
think the worst.
She's going to
be ok.
I just know it!
Open up!
Let me out!
We're moving up to
the next matchup...
Shinji Weber vs
Yuya Sakaki!
(gasps)
(beeping)
It's your
turn, Yuya.
Sam, Zuzu!
How is she?
I don't know.
Someone's got
to go help her!
(Shinji)
It's no use,
Yuya.
Shinji.
Zuzu lost her duel so
she doesn't matter to them.
We're nothing but toys
for the Topsiders
and when we break
they throw us away.
As far as they're
concerned, she's trash.
That can't be!
They can't leave
her there.
What if
she's hurt!
They don't care what
happens to her.
And they don't care
what happens to you.
(gasps)
That's why I'm fighting.
To change this rotten
society once and for all!
I'm tired of being
treated like an animal
by this stinking mess
they call a City!
I've had enough!
I'm going to force
them to change!
I'm going to lead the Commons
in a rebellion to take the power
that's rightfully ours and
overthrow the Topsiders!
And I can't lead the people
if I'm sent to the underground.
So beating you is
the only possible way
that I can keep
fighting!
I don't care about
dueling you right now!
All I can think
about is Zuzu
and how I can get
to her to help her.
Who knows how badly
she's hurt.
Zuzu needs me!
I just know it!
Zuzu's way more
important than dueling!
Dueling might be
the only way to save her.
You think you can just
walk on outta here?
Keep dreamin'!
You want to
help your friend?
Then get on your
runner and ride.
Maybe you can do something
for her out there,
but there's nothing you can
do for her locked up in here.
Hope to see you at
the starting line.
I'm sure Zuzu
does to.
The second
matchup of Day Two
of the Friendship Cup's
about to start!
The duelists have arrived and
it's just about go time!
(cheering)
(Shinji)
The rebellion
is about to begin.
(Yuya)
Hang on, Zuzu.
I'm coming
to help.
She what?
(man)She's gone,
Sir.
We've expanded
the search area,
but so far there's
no trace of her.
(Jean Michael Roget)
After that impact
there's no way
she could have
gotten away on her own.
♪
Ya'll ready to
burn rubber?
Then fire up...
the Action Field
Crossover Acceleration!
(computer)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
♪
(Melissa)
On your marks!
Get set!
Go!
Let's duel!
Let's Duel!
(Yuya)
Every second counts...
Zuzu needs me.
(shattering)
You won't get
ahead of me, Yuya.
I need to win
this duel.
And there's nothing
you can do to stop me!
As they high tail it
out of the arena,
Shinji gets to go first!
I duel today
for us Commons!
Remember the anger you felt
during my last duel?
That was for the Topsiders
whodictate and dominate our
lives!
Tap into that rage again!
This guy's supposed to be
competing in the Friendship Cup
not in the Frenemies Cup!
It's time to turn your
anger into action!
Let it fuel our fight
to set ourselves free
from the Topsiders
tyranny!
I will win this duel...
and together, we'll
win this fight!
Fight with me!
It's our turn!
I summon Battlewasp
Pin The Bullseye!
Shinji's monster
is bee‐utiful...
But it's only
got 200 attack points!
After all his big talk he
leads with that puny thing.
His rebellion's off to
a very weak start.
I'm beginning this
duel with a monster
that's only got 200
attack points
because it's a
lot like we are!
By itself, it has almostno
power to do anything.
And on our own, we
don't have the power
to do very much
ofanything either.
But if weak monsters unite
andfight together they can
win,
and if we all fight
together we have the power
to overturn this unjust
society...
And we can
be winners, too!
(murmuring)
I activate its
special ability...
once per turn, Pin The Bullseye
can deal 200 points of damage.
(groans)
I play a facedown
and end my turn.
After a "rebel"‐rousing
start, Shinji stepped up
and finally dealt
some damage.
But with justone
weak monster,
Shinji'll have
topull some tricks
out of hissaddlebag
to win!
I know the monster I've
got isn't very strong.
But with the power of tens of
thousands of Commons behind us,
we can't lose!
Together we
can do this!
Let's get this
rebellion started!
(murmuring)
(Yuya)
How's he gonna start anything
with 200 attack points?
My turn!
I'm taking the sting
out of your bee
by setting the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 2 Performapal Gongato
and Scale 6 Performapal
Extra Slinger!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
♪
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 3 through 5
all at the same time!
Swing far,
Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Come on out Performapal
Silver Claw...
and Performapal
Salutiger!
(Melissa)
Yuya's pulled off a
perfect Pendulum Summon!
And now,
I'm activating
the power producing
spell card Gap Power!
If you've got more life
points than I do,
one of my monsters
gains attack points
equal to half
the difference!
Really?
The difference between
our life points is 200.
So I think I'm going
to give my Silver Claw
a little something
to howl about.
I can't believe
you'd waste a spell
just to get a measly hundred
attack points.
When my Silver Claw goes after
Pin The Bullseye you'll see.
When Silver Claw attacks,
its special ability
gives every Performapal
300 extra attack points
till the end
of my turn!
Added all up, that's a total of
4200 attack points between them!
With back‐to‐back attacks,
I'll put you away!
This has the makings
of one‐turn win for Yuya!
With back‐to‐back attacks,
I'll put you away!
This has the makings
of a one‐turn win for Yuya!
Oh, the fun of
one and done.
He'll put that bigmouth
Shinji in his place.
Come on, Shinji!
Silver Claw...
attack!
Things may not
work as you planned.
I activate the trap
Battlewasp Nest!
It lets me summon a
second Pin The Bullseye
and stop your attack.
Only bad thing is‐‐ I can
only use this awesome effect
twice during
the duel.
It looks to me like
you and your Silver Claw
bit off more than
you can chew!
(Melissa)
Hot digity!
Shinji not only picked up
an extra monster,
but he just
ended Yuya's attack!
(cheering, murmuring)
Since my attack ended,
Silver Claw's ability ends too
so my pals
power down!
You've got to
do better...
if you thought winning
would be that easy
you're in for
a rude awakening.
(Yuya)
The only one in for
a rude awakening is you.
You only have two
weak monsters.
I can handle this.
I end my turn!
C'mon, Yuya.
I know you're worried
about Zuzu,
but keep your
head in the game.
My turn!
I summon the Tuner Monster
Battlewasp Sting The Poison!
I'm able to summon
this wicked wasp
directly from my hand by
negating its special abilities.
Come on out, Battlewasp
Twinbow The Attacker!
Level 2 Sting The Poison tunes
Level 3 Twinbow The Attacker!
I Synchro Summon...
Battlewasp
Azusa The Ghost Bow!
(Melissa)
Un‐bee‐lieveable!
That's one mighty
monster.
It'll be tough
to tangle with!
Just like me and
my fellow Commons!
Stand up, Commonsand
join the battle!
Unite and Fight!
Fight for the future
of our freedom!
(loud cheering)
We're with you all the way,
Shinji, we'll fight for freedom!
We just want
what's right!
I think we're
in trouble.
♪
Yuya.
(Melissa)
Shinji's just turned
this duel upside down
by summoning a super‐strong
Synchro Monster!
(Yuya)
How am I
gonna beat it?
There he is.
This fight
will prove our might!
We have to win!
Our targets
arethe Topsiders,
our weapon is our angerand
the time to strike is now!
Azusa's ability
activates
doubling the damage caused
by my Battlewasp's abilities!
Twice as much damage!
Now each Pin The Bullseye
can needle you with
400 points of damage!
Here's only a fraction of
the pain we Commons feel.
Imagine what it's
like to see Topsiders
living the life of luxury while
we live off their leftovers!
(cheering)
And this is for the agony
we Commons feel
when we don't have enough
food to feed our families!
(cheering)
But our anger for Topsiders
is what feeds our rage
and gives us the
strength to crush them!
Azusa The Ghost Bow
attacks Salutiger!
(Melissa)
Shinji's taken this
duel by the horns!
He's clearly in command
dishing out three consecutive
blows
and 1300 points
of damage to Yuya!
Keep fightin', Shinji‐‐
Finish'em off!
(Yuya)
This is bad!
If he keeps this up and
I lose this duel,
I'll never be
able to help Zuzu!
Here's more ammo to kick
start our rebellion...
A card that's sure
to bring down our enemy!
By sending Battlewasp Dart
The Hunter to the graveyard,
you take damage equal
to the attack points
of all the monsters
that were destroyed in battle.
No way!
Plus, that
damage is doubled
thanks to Azusa The Ghost Bow's
special ability!
My Salutiger had
1700 attack points.
Correct, Yuya.
So when you take 3400
points of damage, I win.
♪
Yuya!
Hey!
Sora?
(Yuya)
I think
that was Sora!
But why would
Sora be here?
Sora!
Hey‐‐ that's
Zuzu's helmet!
That must mean...
Zuzu's gotta
be safe!
Game over, Yuya!
I send Battlewasp
Dart The Hunter to the graveyard
and activate
its special ability!
(Yuya)
Zuzu's safe!
That's a load off
my mind!
Now I can
focus on this duel!
If it's not too late.
This duel's done for!
(gasping)
I activate Acceleration‐
negating your special ability!
Aw man...
Yuya's still
standing!
(gasping)
You lucked out with
that Action Spell, Yuya.
But luck won't be
able to stop this.
The rebellion is so much
bigger than either of us.
Your turn.
(Yuya)
Maybe this City isn't fair,
but inciting a riot
isn't the answer.
That's not
what I duel for.
That's not what
Zuzu duels for.
I know we want to get home
to our friends and family,
and I promise you we'll
see them soon Zuzu,
but first we have to
stop this war from happening
and fix this City.
I swear it, Zuzu!
My monster
is ready...
to swing into
action!
It's go time,
Timebreaker Magician!
(Melissa)
Mercy me!
Yuya just
Pendulum Summoned,
but he only summoned
one monster!
I activate Timebreaker
Magician's special ability!
Since I chose to only Pendulum
Summon this one monster,
Timebreaker's
attack points are doubled
That's 2800
attack points.
Timebreaker Magician attack
Azusa The Ghost Bow!
Your turn Silver Claw,
attack Pin The Bullseye!
When Silver Claw attacks,
its special ability
gives it an extra 300
attack point power up!
Battlewasp Nest's effect
summons another Pin The Bullseye
and stops you from attacking
for the rest of the turn!
(Melissa)
There goes Shinji stonewalling
Yuya's attack again!
But that's the second time
you used that effect,
so your Battlewasp Nest
is destroyed!
Now you can't stop any of
my attacks anymore, Shinji!
I end my turn.
(Yuya)
but before you
know it,
I'll be
ending this duel!
Sounds like Yuya's
back in this.
That was a pretty clever
move you made, Yuya...
but you're not just
fighting me now!
I've got thousands‐‐hundreds
of thousands
of Commons on my side!
We're finally standing upfor
justice‐‐ for freedom!
And no onecan stop us!
It's our turn!
Sorry, Shinji.
but I'm gonna
win this duel.
And win the crowd!
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪